this is a 1960 Mercury Monterey 2-door
sedan the base price for four one was
2631 dollars
very nicely done notice the front
opening could Y block v8 this one has
air conditioning too
and at first glance it looks like this
might be a hardtop but it is not the
back glass was a little bit different
and
this still had the channels for the
doors and so it wasn't a hardtop now
they made a hardtop in the Monterey line
notice they're real pillars there and
inside it so looks like original fabrics
notice all the metallic thread in them
that was a very interesting styling
situation it has automatic transmission
nicely styled instrument panel
there's the air conditioner under the
dash
three toned upholstery
we have underskirts there in the back
and what a big trunk that is
plenty of room and it looks like perhaps
an original tire if not it's a new tire
that they've never taken the tag off of
large vertical tail lamps
with the backup white at the back at the
bottom of the taillight and the
insulation in the in the trunk lid
a lot of chrome a lot of stainless on
this car
there you see the Monterey on the back
water
lots of bright colors
that windshield is very large
and you'll notice that the hood also has
insulation
so this is a pretty quiet car I would
say
there's insulation
wide white walls
great car